# 4330-Emerging_Technologies
Blog Posts for 4330

Blog Post #1: Gartner Insights into Eterprise Perspective on Microservices
The Costs of microservices Adoption are wide and varied. As beneficial as they are, transitioning to utilizing them requires certain factors that the company must contain in order to successfully switch over. Firstly, application executives must be prepared to oversee uncomfortable technical and cultural changes as they implement the design. Further, developers need to have excellent application architecture abilities and be open to use new design models and patterns, and MSA needs good expertise in agile and DevOps processes. In terms of data management, microservices significantly alter and influence data governance, reporting, and analytics procedures. A product mentality is needed for Microservice Architecture as it is an organizational shift that directly impacts planning, personnel, and funding outside of IT. It affects corporate communication strategies, specific roles and duties, team composition, and finance methods. Additionally, teams must be allowed the freedom and power to construct their components in a manner they deem fit, which has an influence on traditional governance procedures. These teams must change their methods of communication and refine their skills specific to that task. Finally, MSA calls for a brand-new, intricate application architecture, which has an effect on networking, security models, and runtime activities. Overall, transitioning to Microservices carries a cultural impact to a company’s previous work environment and requires certain prerequisites to be met prior to its implementation. MSA is still in the early stages of adoption, but it is close to bridging the gap and entering the early majority. Markets for web-scale digital businesses, like Netflix, LinkedIn, Amazon, and Uber are often where the innovators who first used MSA compete. Though it still is in the early stages of adoption, MSA is close to bridging the gap and entering the early majority. 
